if we look at the evolutions for the very beautiful experience of my career
with electric vehicles
shoah in paris
today it's so great
here she who contributes to the planet
at three days my name is pierre renaud
with three passionate friends of her we got the idea
then the heat engine of our device for the system a lot more
ecological in vain
to regain the shine of oil was visible near stable
stone renaud patrice millet jean-pierre sart and the big oven d'oro focus
an electric motor powered by a rechargeable battery on skype
stone can now fly 40 minutes while respecting the environment
this engine has a double advantage it avoids the release of greenhouse gases
r in the atmosphere it is much less brilliant
they are very expensive
the four engineers managed their bet
stones that are worth a way
their parents and the finishes of 615 series b driver in the atmosphere
with two by an electric motor
a gesture that according to his estimates
m
p
16 hours